hi everybody me from the tactical
offender what I have today for you is a
two-tone Kydex sei Zula sheet that I got
from Matt at ARMA 2 scary solutions I
will have his information in the box
below
but he makes really really nice stuff I
actually bought a my first Kydex sheath
with him almost two years ago roughly
two years ago very very pleased user for
a really really long time and he
actually sent me this as a gift and not
necessarily to do a review but I thought
I would anyway
all right so as I was saying Matt down
at amitis cash solution sent me this SEI
Zula sheath it is a two-tone black on
one side tan on the other it does have
let me remove this it does have a snap a
belt loop goes on your belt
I've already been wearing it for a
couple days now and X it's actually
really really comfortable and the fact
that you wear it horizontal VSA Zula not
getting stabbed that this isn't rub it
up against my body or anything and it
really really fits good I mean that the
quality is really really good
very very tight all the seams are really
they match up beautifully it is a
fantastic fantastic sheath and he does
sell these if you have a SEI Zula matter
fact if you have any of the SE Lian I
believe he has she's for all of them as
well as some others but he also does
Kydex she's for magazines of all kinds
handguns in the waistband out of the
waistband and this particular one that
is sent me and really really good
quality I like that the two-tone it's a
lot different set of just one tone and
that the belt loop is really a great
idea it's not something I want to hang
on a pack or something I like the fact
that I can put it on my belt for a very
long time I used to put this in my
pocket with another sheath of course and
I like the I did now I have the option
of wearing it on my belt so while anyway
go check him out great great sheath this
is Matt from Alberta's armatures carry
solutions it is Latin I'm not even going
to bother telling you what it means
something about prepared and I'm going
to ruin it and I don't want to do that
so go check him out Matt imatest carry
solutions his informations down in the
box below okay great great quality work
alright everybody thank you for tuning
in I do have a storm out there kind of
just rolled by I getting my son back so
I got some more videos to shoot okay be
well stay safe and we'll talk soon but
alright so here is a bit of a
closer look I'm actually starting to get
a little bit of rain on you here but
that's okay so as I said beautiful
beautiful work really tight tight scene
I'm going to remove that and does have
the removable belt loop okay as you can
see and like I said it's a very very
simple design but it's very well made it
does have the rivets all the way around
black on one side tan on the other I
really like that idea and his work is
just really really shot very very nice
stuff